README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=auto&height=200&section=header&text=Hi%20there,%20I'm%20adrr!%20👋&fontSize=70&animation=fadeIn" />
</p>

I'm learning AI Engineering and Full Stack Developer.
I love science, math, and a cup of coffe at 3 AM😊

I'm focusing on building open-source project that can be usefull or have educational value👍

### Tech Stack

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-Learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=flat-square&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557c?style=for-the-badge&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-05998B?style=for-the-badge&logo=FastAPI&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/sql-%2300758F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)



---
## Projects i'd like to show

[![Repo 1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-pystruct-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/madrlibr/Pystruct)
[![Repo 2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-pandasbot-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/madrlibr/PandasBot)



![GitHub Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=madrlibr)

Commit message:

Revise README content and formatting
Updated personal introduction and project descriptions in README.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=auto&height=200&section=header&text=Hi%20there,%20I'm%20adrr!%20👋&fontSize=70&animation=fadeIn" />
</p>

I'm currently learning AI and Software Engineering lads.
Anddd I love science, math, especially with a cup of coffe at 3 AM😊

Here i'm trying to build open-source projects that have a real use case or are at least educational👍

## Tech Stack

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-Learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=flat-square&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557c?style=for-the-badge&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/sql-%2300758F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)


---
## Top Projects

[![Repo 1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-pystruct-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/madrlibr/Pystruct)
[![Repo 2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-pandasbot-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/madrlibr/PandasBot)



![GitHub Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=madrlibr)
